Update managing-schedules.adoc (#406)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-schedules.adoc

* The CloudHub scheduler reads the job configuration every time it runs.
+
To apply your changes immediately, run your jobs manually after updating the schedule.

> * If the execution time for a job is longer than 12 hours or in the event of network issues or infrastracture restarts/maintenance, the scheduler fails and is re-executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the execution time for a job is longer than 12 hours, network issues occur, or the infrastructure restarts due to hardware issues or scheduled maintenance, the scheduler fails and is re-executed.
```
